# ACT: Hermetic Door

| Setting  | Enemy     | Theme    |
|----------|-----------|----------|
| Hills    | Elemental | Puzzle   |

**Goal**: Unseal the chamber.

The characters must find and open a door in the hillside, but it has been hermetically
sealed. The release valves are hidden nearby.


## Schematic

      _____               _____
     |     |=============|     |
    =|     |    _____    | [!] |=
     |_____|===|     |   |_____|
               |     |
               |_____|


## Scenes

### 1. The Countryside

**Goal**: Find the door.

These hills are rough, dry country. Somewhere, there is a door.

- Standard **Travel Events** occur (i.e. at a minor level on a `4-5/d6` and at a medium
  level on a `6/d6`).

The crests of the hills are bare and rocky, and are cut through with steep gullies that
drop into shadow, hiding pools of water and clumps of trees.

### 2. The Valves

**Goal**: Release the valves

Around the countryside nearby are valve stations that can release the pressure keeping
the door sealed, connected by subterranean pipes to the door mechanism.

- **The First Valve** is in plain sight, but lies partly in ruins.  Its identifying
  sigil is illegible, and its (currently inoperable) handle points to an eight-pointed
  star. Forcing the handle without repairing it will release a burst of superheated air.
- **The Second Valve** is half-buried in a mass of thorn bushes that make an approach
  difficult. Its identifying sigil is three concentric circles, and its handle points to
  crossed lines.
- **The Third Valve** is being used as a nest by a manticore. Its sigil is an
  eight-pointed star, and its handle points to a square diamond.

Each valve station is housed in a small, 10ft diameter stone structure that blends into
the environment. Each valve mechanism has a handle that points to one of four symbols:
three concentric circles, crossed lines, an eight-pointed star, and a square diamond.
The pipe entering each mechanism bears a large mark from this same set.

### 3. The Threshold

**Goal**: Unseal the door

The door will not yield to any physical strength unless the valves are released.

- **Ruined Masonry** dots this grotto, this clearly once being part of a larger
  structure. Interested characters can dig a miscellany of small mechanical components
  from the earth, their lustre undiminished by time or the elements.

In this grotto within one of the hidden gullies, the door sits in a cleft in a sheer
rock face, leading to some hidden passage within.

### [!] The Door

Upon inspection, it is apparent that the door is mechanically (not magically) sealed,
and there are three large pipes running away into the rock around it. Eeach pipe bears
two marks; one large and inscribed upon the pipe itself, one small and inset upon a
panel.

- **The First Pipe** bears a large square diamond with inset crossed lines.
- **The Second Pipe** bears three large concentric circles with an inset square diamond.
- **The Third Pipe** bears a large eight-pointed star with with an inset of the same.

Each large symbol identifies one of the three nearby valve stations, with the smaller
symbol indicating what the valve mechanism must be set to in order to deactivate the
seal. However, there are no indications as to the purpose of these symbols.

If the characters attempt to open the door without first setting all three valves
correctly, the door mechanism releases a burst of superheated air. The more incorrectly
set valves there are, the larger this burst. If all three are correctly set, the burst
can be heard on the other side of the door, which visibly releases from its housing, and
which can now be opened normally.
